Add `--type` flag to `dev new_lint` (#9182)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: book/src/development/adding_lints.md

## Getting Started

There is a bit of boilerplate code that needs to be set up when creating a new
lint. Fortunately, you can use the Clippy dev tools to handle this for you. We
are naming our new lint `foo_functions` (lints are generally written in snake
case), and we don't need type information, so it will have an early pass type
(more on this later). If you're unsure if the name you chose fits the lint,
take a look at our [lint naming guidelines][lint_naming].

## Defining Our Lint
To get started, there are two ways to define our lint.

### Standalone
Command: `cargo dev new_lint --name=foo_functions --pass=early --category=pedantic`
(category will default to nursery if not provided)

This command will create a new file: `clippy_lints/src/foo_functions.rs`, as well
as [register the lint](#lint-registration).

### Specific Type
Command: `cargo dev new_lint --name=foo_functions --type=functions --category=pedantic`

This command will create a new file: `clippy_lints/src/{type}/foo_functions.rs`.

> Notice how this command has a `--type` flag instead of `--pass`. Unlike a standalone
> definition, this lint won't be registered, so a pass doesn't apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how this command has a `--type` flag instead of `--pass`. Unlike a standalone
definition, this lint has to be manually registered in the type lintpass, which can be found in `clippy_lints/src/{type}/mod.rs`.
```
